In this video I'm going to talk about the study which is the simplest method of image segmentation.
The principle is very simple.
We start from a greyscale image and using thresholding we produce a binary image either black or white.
So the process is the following.
If a pixel is greater than a threshold value that it can be assigned a certain value for example 255
assign it as a white color.
And if it is more than a threshold value that it will be assigned to another value.
For example 0 to make it black.
And there are two different types of resolving the simple three Saadiq adapted for the simple thresholding.
It uses the very simple formula as I already explained.
If the pixel is greater than a certain value then it will be assigned to a white color 255 and if it
is smaller than its initial value it will be assigned to a black color to zero.
And obviously we use the method see if we do that three shot and it takes as you put the great image
itself and then the three should value which is a value between 0 and 255 the maximum value.
So typically in a greyscale image the maximum value is equal to 255 because the color is encoded on
eight beats.
And finally the three short stack and there are different types pre-define in open.
We have a three short binary which is very simple.
So for every pixel position x and y if the value of the pixel is greater than the threshold then we
can assign the maximum value which is 255 which means white color and the value of the pixel is smaller
than the C-sharp signs.
Another type is three short binary inverted.
And here we do the opposite either because the value is greater than the sum to zero.
Otherwise we assign it to the maximum back to 55.
We have also three trunk and for every pixel at location x and y if the pixel value is greater than
the threshold it would get assigned to the threshold value.
And if it is smaller than three shock it we just keep the same value of the pixels.
So in some parts of the image would be truncated would be replaced by a slingshot guide and we have
to to zero which similarly to the truck.
But here we're going to assign zero if a piece of value is smaller than the threshold and it will keep
its own value.
If the pixel is greater than the future people think something is pretty much simple but it may not
be good in all conditions especially if the image has different lighting conditions.
A better approach would be to use the adaptively Shoghi and the algorithm calculates the threshold for
a small region of the image and then deeper than fishhooks will be calculated for different regions
on the same image.
And this approach will have a better robustness to I think lighting conditions opposite view he was
the method adaptive thresholding which takes the great image as put the maximum value which is typically
to hit the pipe and then the adaptive method type.
And here we have two different types.
It can be adaptive three short means.
See where the friction is very calculated is the meaning of the neighborhood area.
So here it's going to take the mean value of the neighborhood area of interest.
And another adaptive method is to use the gumption method and the threshold value is the some of the
neighborhood values where weights are a gaucherie window.
It takes also a block size which decides about the size of the neighborhood area.
How many pixels we take in the neighborhood and the constancy it is just a constant which is abstracted
from the mean or weighted mean calculate.
You can see here in the image the impact of different thresholding so you can see that image we have
some changes to be all over the image and when applying global thresholding using simple shading in
the value of the finished article 1:27 is going to create this binary ization of the image which is
not acceptable.
However if we use adaptive free shopping.
So this is using the means recycling and use Ghoshal so we can see it provides a little bit better performance
as compared to the mean but probably this is not a rule.
So it might depend from one image the other but yet the adapter is clearly better than the global feature.
It has to be noted that something is an important technique in computer vision and this step is necessary
in many applications such as auto detection which is going to be explained in future lectures.
So now let's see how it works in practice.
Let us consider the final image in the past.
Why don't we present how to perform thresholding both using simple thresholding and adaptive feature.
So this is the main function I'm going to explain the code.
So first we specify that imagining a way to use two images shapes and tomato.
OK so let me start by tomato here and then first of all we need to create an image as grayscale image.
I have created the method read image.
OK.
And you can see here this is the method the image.
It takes an image name and head.
I specified a boolean variable as agreed.
So if there is equity you we're going to read the image as the great image.
And for this we can use to do it.
I read the same method before.
And then we specify the image name.
This is the path to the image.
And here we specify the flat that is called I read escape.
So in this case the image is going to be automatically converted into a greyscale image even if it is
a color image.
If you want to keep that image as a color image in this case you can just either keep the default like
articles as if it is specified that you want to use the flexibility that I need.
OK so in our case we're going to use the eye and regrease just to get the image as grayscale image.
If you have read that image as a color image in this case you may need to use Sivy to convert image.
And you can convert it to a great scale as we need in previous years.
And then we're going just to show the image itself.
So we call this as in.
And let me take this great image as an input to the method basically recharging.
And here I was busy 2:55 should I do.
So let's see the threshold value is equal to 1.
If the we can't change it actually.
So I'm going to disable the adapter thresholding and basically think it's going to call that up and
see the method.
SEE two three shot.
So this is the method they had explained them sleights would take a great image but not the image so.
So this one would be great.
And then the threshold value which is you put here of the method that when you find the maximum value
is equal to 255.
And here we're going to choose three by.
So let's first tools which are binary.
And then we see what happens.
So you can see now I'm going to display that image after that.
So let's run the code image got it.
And here you can see this is the grayscale image.
OK.
And this is the basic binary image after conversion.
So let's play this one on the ship.
Great.
Now right on the shape image.
This is the GOOSE-SKIN image and this is the you can see not only the square shape was discovered.
Why.
Because this one it has a high value of the three shots.
So if we decrease the threshold value or if we increase the threshold value for example 200 it becomes
brighter.
In this case we can detect more chicks.
As you can see because you have considered that this is the operation.
So basically what you want to have more to have a black background or white and the ships are colored
in white.
In this case what we can do we can just hear bird.
OK.
So instead of using binary we can use three binary either way just running the same code.
You see now it's completely inverted.
What was black becomes white but was white becomes black and basically because later on we are going
to use this recording for Koto detection Inkatha detection.
We need to make sure that the background is black so I'm going to keep trudging side to reach all binary.
So you can see we adapted and we need to play a lot of value in order to detect objects.
And this is right adaptive is much better.
So let me put this back at 1:15 and as you can see only when she was identified by the mask and now
you can use that threshold.
OK here we can identify all the different shapes we can find some holes here but we can play with the
value for example.
And that is the value of sense.
So you can see with that thresholding able to detect the shapes come here.
But of course with very low threshold values all six would be considered as black.
So it uses the method adopted which takes a great image and then to by its maximum value.
Here I have used a Gulshan method or the computation of data to show every region we used.
He showed binary inverted underthings shock value which was defined over here.
We can also use the link just to see what it looks like.
OK so similar behavior.
Now putting back the default value so you can see when to be able to identify the different chips.
Let's apply this on tomato.
This is with binary data.
So you can see with the three shining through looks much better.
So you can see the effect of illumination.
It is more negative with the simple idea and it is much better managed with the adaptive shortening.
So in summary thresholding is a simple operation for image segmentation which takes as he put a great
image and produces a binary image.
And despite that the image is actually useful in several applications in particular to detection.
So in the next video I'm going to talk about control detection which is also used in context of object
detection based on the colors.